So we spend loads of time on this first screen but obviously for a good reason.
Discourse is about learning React Native after all and you'll learn a lot about layout things styling
connecting components using multiple components and configuring built in components already.
And that is a core part of risk native and what allows you to build real apps and yet nonetheless it's
now time to continue working on the Zap end.
Before we dive deeper into other things we could style which I'll do later.
I want to make sure that this starts game button works because right now we're always stuck on this
start game screen but now I'll add a second component to the screens folder the game screen itself so
the screen the content I want to show on the screen when the game is running and that is the screen
that is responsible for showing the gas off the computer and allowing the user to tell the computer
whether that's right or wrong if the value should be lower or greater.
So that's the goal here.
Now as I mentioned before it's a regular component nonetheless.
So we need to import react for sure and we'll also import some stuff from native.
Most importantly of course the view and the text you can never go wrong with these altered established
of course you typically always need these.
Then here we can add our games as game screen Functional Component create the styles object here by
using style sheets create like that and in the end export our game screen here as the default and get
rid of that plus here at the top.
So now we have that game screen component defined here.
Now let's really pause and think about what needs to happen here.
Now in the end what needs to happen is that the computer needs to make a guess and it needs to make
a guess.
Initially when this screen first loads but then all the whenever the user basically presses the business
to lower.
This is too high a button.
So whenever the user gives a hint regarding Weber that guesses in which direction of the real number
this guess is so to say whenever that happens we want to generate a new guess.
Now the guess itself should be a random number and therefore all start by creating a new function outside
of my functional component.
Now because it will not use any data from in there so it shouldn't be recreated on every rendering of
the components simply to save some performance.
If you don't rely on props or state you can also simply have a function that resides outside of your
component and I'll named is generate
random between.
Because that's what this function will do.
It's a function it will generate a random number between a minimum and a maximum and which also allows
us to exclude certain numbers.
For example the first number we generate should exclude dissolution so that the vice D.D. app can never
guess the user's choice on the first try.
Now in here minimum will be normalized to MOF seal minimum.
So to basically have a integer number here if a non integer is entered and rounded up and Max will be
flawed to do the same but rounded down then I'll have my random number which I generate with moth random
and MOF random gives us a random number between 0 and 1.
So to have a number between men and Max we have to multiply this with max type minus min and then also
in the end ad men here year but also make sure that you call moth floor on the result of this entire
operation here and this will give you a random number between this minimum and maximum
now with that generated.
I want to check if the random number is equal to the number we want to exclude which would of course
be a very rare coincidence but it can happen in which case I will return to risk with the result of
a never generate random between call where I simply forward min max and exclude which we got.
So I will simply repeat generate random between and return to value of that repeated run if we dare
get the excluded value again we'll repeat it one more time so ultimately we'll get there.
And if we don't have to exclude a number which should be the case in most cases then I'll just returned
at random number right away.
So this is now a function which generates us a random number.
Now here in the game screen I want to manage some states so I'll import the U.S State hook from react
and initialize some state here with the random number because the state I want to manage here is to
guess off the computer the current guess.
And that also needs a set current guest's function so that we can change this whenever the user gives
a new hint.
So here we can call generate random between to generate an initial state which will be saved and this
will then only be considered as an initial state.
So in this component rebuilds and therefore use state is called again will generate a number random
number again but this will then not overwrite that state because once the state is set initially it
will not be overwritten again by adding value derived here.
This will only be considered by react if we have no initial state yet there after this initial or updated
state will be managed detach from the component and will not be overwritten again by this call here.
Initially however we need to make this call we want to get a random number between 1 and 100 one hundred
is excluded with the logic we wrote up there.
So it will be a number between one and ninety nine ninety nine included.
And I want to exclude the choice of the user.
I expect to get this on my props here.
So user choice could be a prop name we use here and that's the value I want to execute because that's
the solution.
In the end and we won't be able to get I guess the solution right away.
That would be a bit unfair.